{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14720\viewh13020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.6.2006\
\
Katie and Dan discussing the routine names we don't like\
\
Driver_global - we don't like it because it is not a verb and it is non descriptive.\
Katie recommends:  Driver_evolveFlash  - to stay consistent with FLASH2\
Dan recommends: Driver_runFlash, Driver_executeFlash, Driver_execute\
\
*** Driver_global  --------->        Driver_evolveFlash\
\
Driver_finalize -- should be Driver_finalizeFlash\
\
Driver_timestep - we don't like it because it is non descriptive.  Dan wants verb.\
Katie recommends: Driver_computeTimestep\
Dan recommends:   Driver_getTimestep\
Why is this routine in the interface at all?  Would anyone else need to call it\
Could it be an internal function dr_findMinTimestep?  dr_gatherTimeSteps\
also confusing because Driver_getDt is in the interface already.\
\
\
*** Driver_timeStep ---------->   Driver_computeDt\
\
\
\
Why is Driver_timeStepTemp in Driver?  \
We don't like this.  Is there anyway around it?  It is not even implemented.\
\
Driver_timeStepTemp -------------> take out of the interface for now!!!!!!!!!\
take out TEMP_SAVED_VAR from Hydro Config\
\
\
Driver_abort  ----------------->  Driver_abortFlash\
\
\
Driver_prepareIOData - sounds strange\
Dan recommends : Driver_output because it's simpler\
\
Driver_sendDataToIO\
Driver_output\
Driver_updateOutputData\
Driver_sendOutputData\
Driver_putOutputData\
Driver_sendIOData\
Driver_setIOData\
Driver_setOutputData\
\
Driver_prepareIOData  --------->  Grid_sendOutputData\
\
\
\
\
\
\
IO\
\
\
IO_prepareIOData\
May not need setPreviousScalar any more.  We can't think of a good reason for it now.\
Maybe IO_getInitialValueOfScalar?  \
\
Definitely take setPreviousScalar out of the interface -- maybe GetPrevious  should still be there?\
\
IO_writeUserDefinedGridVar\
\
\
It follows that Hydro_timestep, Particle_timestep etc should be "Particles_getTimeStep" or "Particles_computeTimeStep"}