{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Material Properties\
\
We have decided to change the hierarchy of the Material Properties Unit.  In prior discussions we had constant --> Viscosity now we are reversing it to be back to\
\
*Viscosity\
	*constant\
*Mass Diffusivity\
	*constant\
*Magnetic resitivity\
	*constant\
	*spitzer\
\
\
For the composition part in flash2 there are directory structures for each network ie\
fuel+ash, aprox19, aprox13.  These directories only hold one .F90 file init_mat which calls add_fluid_to_dbase.  We have decided, after talking with Bronson and Alan, that this way is a bit painful.  We would like to have a flat file something like fuel+ash.dat that can be parsed at setup time.  We haven't exactly decided where these dat files should sit.  Maybe under Simulations?  or maybe under Multispecies.  The first thing to do is to get the file format from Ed Brown.  We will try to follow this format.   We've also decided that there will be 2 ways that a user can add a species.  There will be the datafile way and then there will be an subroutine Simulation_initMultispecies() if the user wants to initialize a species.\
\
The key point for both of these methods is that the number of species must be declared at setup time so that the species can be added to unk.\
}